I'm excited to be here tonight.
I have some things on my heart that the Lord showed us last night right at the end.
Whenever the river hit, whenever I felt the river pulling me, seeing all that we were seeing, it was amazing.
I didn't want to get out of it, but I got tired.
Flesh is flesh, and I want it to be accurate; you don't want to add to or take away from anything, so I have to rest.
I'm thankful for all of you who prayed with us and are ready to pray.
Tonight, we're going to go over the darkness.
I don't talk about darkness.
Even whenever I talk to some family and they talk about darkness, I don't talk about it.
I'm going to be real with you.
Sister Billie always—she doesn't talk about darkness.
The elders that I'm around don't talk about darkness; they have authority over it.
We give no place for the devil.
We don't talk about what he's doing very often.
We just pray and know what the Lord is showing us, and we don't get into the drama of it.
We know there's a dark side and witchcraft.
We understand that, but we know we have power and authority over the darkness, so we don't give voice to it.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
The more you start speaking death, it tries to manifest around you.
The more you glorify the devil, he'll manifest around you.
I glorify Jesus.
When I say glorify the devil, I mean giving him any place in your mouth.
I don't want to talk about him.
He's a loser.
Why talk about a loser?
I talk about the winner who triumphed over death, hell, and the grave and whipped him once and for all.
We're going to give Jesus all the praise.
Everything I say out of my mouth, I give all glory to God.
I'm not going to sit there and talk about what the devil's doing all the time in the satanic realm, but tonight we're going to talk a little bit about some things the Lord showed us.
It's not giving the devil any credit; we already know he's defeated.
We're educating so you aren't blinded by the snares of evil.
That's where we're going to go tonight; we'll touch on it.
Father, we thank you.
We dedicate this prayer time to you, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood over our internet.
Father, I thank you that our internet remains strong in this time of prayer and that it will not go in and out.
I thank you that it's a tool and that it works like it's supposed to and will not break down and buffer.
Thank you, Lord.
We have a clear connection as we pray over our nation and our president.
We're so grateful and give you glory, honor, and praise that it's none of us and all of you.
In Jesus' name, amen.
All right, I guess we'll start.
Good evening, family.
Thank you for being here again tonight.
We're going to go over immediately what we saw in the spirit last night.
There's a lot to what the Lord showed us, especially at the last part; it was amazing.
We're going to go over that and jump right into this because I don't want to take a lot of your time.
We want to jump right into prayer.
There's much to pray about.
As we were driving around today and doing what God had us to do with our business, he showed us a lot about what was coming.
As I was driving, the Lord said, 'I have things for you to do right now.
' I was caught up, and the Lord was allowing me, as I'm driving down the highway, to see an open-eye vision.
I told Dee, 'Write this all down and record it because the Lord is warning and talking about the attacks upon America, the attacks upon the church, and where we are in these last of the last days.
' It was amazing.
But that's not for tonight.
What the Lord has for today is what we saw last night.
This is a high-alert time.
As we prayed last night, we saw the Illuminati triangle.
We saw the 1500s.
Sorry, I'm so used to saying 1920s and all that.
In the 1500s, we were taken to France.
We saw a building in New York City.
I texted you the picture, Braden.
I texted you the exact building that I saw because I asked the Father where it was and he showed me.
In this building, I saw—not that one, baby, it's similar to that.
I don't know because I don't want 'Sister Clipboard' going and trying to find out who these people are.
That's why I have to be so careful; you have people that are very immature following us.
I want you to know this building.
Don't show that one, Braden.
I feel a check about it.
You can show this; there's plenty of people living in there.
That building I was shown in the spirit.
As I was shown it, I saw a demonic covering over the building.
I saw witchcraft, which were protection spells.
It was thick and purple.
As you try to penetrate it with prayer, I saw demonic spirits being sent out of it.
I heard duchesses.
I heard certain royalties in the realm of the spirit—demonic royalties.
People that have sold out to the devil.
As I was looking, I saw generational bloodlines that went back clear into France, into beautiful mansions.
You can show those places in France if you need to.
I saw places like this.
I don't know if you should show it or not.
Just leave it alone, baby, because it's getting too close to people's names.
So I saw these places.
The Lord showed me that there was this place in France, and I saw bats all at the top of this in the spirit realm that were connected to satanic practice.
But as I was praying into this last night, I saw the blood of the innocent.
I saw a bull on two legs standing upright.
That was a demonic spirit with great horns and a nose ring.
It was standing as a shadow up by New York, gaining strength from the sacrifice of the blood of the innocent.
As women would have abortions, it would give this demonic entity strength from the blood of the innocent.
I saw little fetuses that were formed, where you could almost tell it was a baby, which would give it more strength.
The more developed the baby was—not just an embryo, but more developed—the more strength this demonic entity got.
It wanted full-term abortion, up to birth; it got great strength from dismembering and satanic practice from child sacrifice.
This demonic being had great horns and was very pronounced, but it was attached to France and Canada.
There was a line that went from the New York and Boston area to Toronto, France, and Spain, building what looked like a triangle.
It was like a pyramid of a cord trying to build a demonic stronghold through this demonic bull that was standing upright.
As I saw this, I saw celebrities and politicians.
And He said, "We were praying over the Save America Act," and we could see what was blocking this.
Certain people with great power were paid off by demonic positions in the spirit realm.
They had masks on their faces; they looked like they were at a masquerade party.
You couldn't see who they were because they had masks on their faces.
I saw some of them had purple and black outfits on, and they were performing satanic practices, getting ready for an Antichrist spirit to destroy the United States of America.
And I saw, "Save America!
Save America!
" The only thing that will save America in a Save America Act is America turning back to God.
I saw that the Lord said the only thing that will save America is an awakening unto God.
It's not about a Save America Act, no matter how much we want that passed; it's about an awakening in the church—that the church would rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and preach righteousness and holiness back in the pulpits.
He said, "The abortion issue is part of a moral issue of promiscuity, being out of wedlock.
" You don't ever hear very often about husbands and wives married having abortions; it is usually people who are promiscuous outside of marriage.
A lot of it, I saw, was a moral issue.
I was behind the pulpit preaching righteousness, holiness, and the glory.
And as I saw the glory come into the churches, people weren't out sleeping around; people weren't doing the things that they shouldn't be doing.
The glory of the Lord was rising on the church, and the people were getting set free.
And He said, "This is like the Welsh Revival; go back to it—the bars shut down, things changed.
" And He said, "I'll do the same thing in America and around the world, Brandon, if we bring the church back to where it should be—preaching holiness, preaching repentance, and getting ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus.
" I saw the shaking in the church, a shaking in the pulpits across America, and a major revival is about to take place.
As we were praying and interceding, I could see this demonic being and what was going on with these buildings.
I saw Cuba, and the Lord said, "This is the day of deliverance; it's come.
" I heard the sounds of the horns playing like it was in the Ten Commandments movie with Charlton Heston.
And that was what was playing over, "Arise, oh Israel, behold the dawn of freedom.
" That's what I heard over Cuba.
And the Lord said, "A great revival is coming to Cuba, to Venezuela, to Colombia, and to Brazil.
" I heard the sounds of the horns, and He said, "It's the day of deliverance.
It's time to birth this in the spirit realm concerning the revival that's about to take place for the Latino community.
" Last night, I heard the sounds of those horns blowing across the land.
It was a blast, blast, blast across Cuba.
The Lord said, "It's time.
The day of the breakthrough is here.
Proclaim this for the people of Cuba.
" Like in that movie, it's, "Oh, people of Colombia and these areas, it's time for the greatest revival you've ever seen before.
" I saw breakthrough after breakthrough in the spirit realm last night concerning Cuba, Colombia, and all these other areas.
So, I'm excited for that, but I'm also excited for what He's going to do in Africa, Asia, Europe, and everywhere in between.
It's time to get excited for what God is going to do in your community.
Then He showed us Coachella, and I saw a demonic play in Coachella with snakes rising up as spirits coming out to cause major disruptions for some kind of an event.
We were praying over Boston for the marathon, praying over the Red Cross, and what's happening on the 20th.
And the Lord, all of a sudden, had us praying for 89ers Day in Guthrie, Oklahoma, praying over our oil wells and facilities in Houston and Tuttle, Oklahoma—places that refine major amounts of oil—praying for our troops in the Middle East, and specifically praying for our Vice President and our President for protection over their lives.
The Lord showed us the attack that was coming against President Trump's mind, that he was not thinking like he normally does.
He's not firing on all cylinders like we have seen him in the past.
This is not the Trump of even a year ago.
The Lord said, "This is a demonic attack against his mind.
Pray for him.
" People say, "Well, I don't believe it.
" No, listen to what I'm telling you.
The Lord said it.
You must pray for his mind.
I'm telling you by the Spirit of the Lord, we need to pray for his mind—pray for him to be sharp.
That spirit that was attacking Biden is trying to wrap itself around our President's mind to create confusion.
It is a spirit of witchcraft trying to take him out.
I saw it coming over like a fog on his mind and on his eyes.
The Lord said, "Do you see these scales trying to come upon him?
You must pray for our President.
" We had to get him across the finish line.
So we will continue to intercede for our President, for the Vice President, the cabinet, Homeland Security, the FBI, the CIA, and all the people keeping us safe.
I believe that God has given these people great wisdom, that they know the enemy's plans before they do it.
I saw apartment complexes that they had cased and looked into with drone footage, trying to find an open door to attack electric plants, our electric grid, and our water facilities in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, "Stop this in prayer.
" That's why I believe you're here tonight.
The Lord said, "I want you to go back and look at every event that has taken place in the past concerning this time frame when I warned you.
" April 18th.
He circled it: April 18th, which is Saturday.
He said, "Pray over today.
" It is Thursday.
We have tomorrow, then Friday, then Saturday.
So we're almost there.
He said, "Go back and look at what the devil has done during this time frame during the past couple decades, and we're going to show you the importance of our prayers this week.
" A lot of you sent articles to Diana about the occult, talking about how this is a high satanic week.
You can read some of that real quick.
Go ahead if you feel led.
Well, it's just what someone sent me.
It says, according to various occult calendars, April includes significant dates often associated with ritualistic practices.
A prominent date is April 19th, sometimes cited as the start of a 13-day period ending on May 1st or May Eve.
The key April dates often mentioned in occult calendars would be April 19th through May 1st, a 13-day period sometimes referred to as the blood sacrifice time in some occult traditions.
April 19th is often cited as the high ritual day centered around fire and sacrifice.
This is why this is going to be so important for what we share next.
Show this.
The Lord said, "Pay attention.
I saw the vision of Hitler.
" And he said, "Remember, they're conjuring.
" Is it not the word conjure, summons, whatever?
They're bringing forth the Hitler spirit by blood sacrifice from virgin girls, and I saw them doing this in Berlin.
Look at this.
April 20th of 1889 was Hitler's birth.
He died on April 30th of 1945.
The Lord showed us that and he said, "This is the spirit behind it.
It's Antichrist.
It's about extermination and just killing people.
" He was crazy.
Everybody knows what Hitler did.
Then he said, "This is very important.
You need to know this.
There are satanic ties to this.
" Go next.
April 20th of 1999, we had the massacre in Columbine High School that happened in Colorado.
It was a terrible event.
Then we had the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19th of 1995.
How many times has the Lord warned us to pay attention to Timothy McVeigh?
You all can tell me in the comment section how many times the Lord has said, "Remember Timothy McVeigh.
" The Lord said the same way, fertilizer, pray over this time frame of April 19th.
Do you see that?
It's a pattern.
Now look, April 20th of 2010, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Remember the BP oil spill?
It flooded all of the Gulf with oil, and it spread, and they couldn't figure out how to turn it off.
It was only by the leading of the Lord that helped that get capped down in the deep water.
That oil was just pouring into the Gulf of Mexico and it was washing all over the beaches in New Orleans.
Does anybody remember that in 2010?
It was a very serious issue, and the Lord helped us fix that.
That happened on April 20th.
On April 19th, 1993, there was a 51-day standoff involving the branch of David Koresh.
Does anybody remember David Koresh?
Waco, Texas happened on April 19th.
Same time frame.
The FBI raided it and all those people perished in Waco, Texas.
I remember as a little boy, they ran in and it caught on fire.
Tell me in the comment section if you remember that.
Some of you are too young to remember this, but it was a major deal.
It was on live television around the clock.
The Revolutionary War started April 19th, 1775.
The American Revolutionary War started on April 19th, 1775.
This is a very high-alert week.
That's what the Lord was showing me.
I bring all this to you so you see it's not normal.
All these evil events and other crazy things have happened during this time frame.
Why?
The Lord said specifically to pray for Boston.
The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising began on April 19th, 1943, when Jewish resistance fighters refused to surrender to Nazi forces and launched an armed revolt against the deportation of the remaining population.
When was the Tulsa massacre, the race riots in Tulsa?
No, that's May 31st.
But I think it's interesting, as we were praying, the Lord was showing this demonic-looking bull that was requiring blood sacrifice from abortions.
The Lord said the reason they fight for it so much is because this entity is crying out for the blood of the innocent and it gives them power.
It's attached to the Illuminati and the darkness of the deep state where we are with the occult and the rising up of the Mahdi, the Antichrist, and the Antichrist system agenda 2030, and the darkness that tries to embrace this nation.
Trump has said it a million times, "They're not after me.
They're after you.
I'm just in the way.
" He knows what the darkness is, but he acts different.
There's something wrong.
What do they have on him?
What is going on with him?
Where is this demonic influence suddenly coming from?
You have to ask yourself some questions.
Why are we seeing what we're seeing right now?
The Lord warned me about the 18th and he circled it.
He said, "Pray over this time frame concerning Coachella and Justin at Coachella, praying over these young people.
" I saw a bunch of girls acting like hoochie mamas, promiscuous.
They need to act like little ladies.
But the boys weren't acting any better.
I'm not trying to pick on girls.
But the Lord warned me as I saw the snake rising up in Coachella and the Lord said, "You got to pray over this.
" I saw writing and major events.
When did that event happen in Texas where they stampeded?
It was the dark concert he had where they were listening to all the voices and said the atmosphere shifted.
Does anybody remember that?
He was the African-American guy with braids who dated Kylie Jenner.
Travis was his name.
Travis.
When did that event happen?
It's the same kind of spirit over the concert whenever that happened down in Houston and all those people were trampled.
That was November 5th.
It was like a demonic rush.
It was Travis Scott.
Pray against stuff like that.
I'm trying to tell you the Lord warned me about the 18th.
Pray for Coachella.
Pray for these events around America that there will be a covering.
It's interesting as we put all this together by the leading of the Holy Spirit.
We've studied this and tried to figure out what else is linked to this.
This is not coincidence.
The Lord's circling this and telling us to watch the Red Cross.
I said it's not about the Red Cross, it's not about race, it's about the hospitals.
Pray for the hospitals.
The Lord said pray for the NBA playoffs; they start on the 18th.
The Lord said, "Pray for the NBA playoffs, specifically Boston and New York.
" I bring all that to you tonight because I think it's interesting.
The other part is what Braden is about to show you.
Look at this.
Can you play his video?
Elon Musk is, I think he's so funny.
California legislators are trying to make investigating fraud illegal.
That's what Elon Musk put on his X, and then he reposted what Nick Shirley said.
Nick Shirley said California is trying to pass a bill that would criminalize investigative journalism with misdemeanors, $10,000 fines, imprisonment, and content takedown.
The proposed bill is titled AB 2624 and was made after I exposed mass fraud by immigrant groups in America.
Under AB 2624, government-funded entities like the Somali Learning Daycare Centers would be protected from being exposed if they operated inside California.
The enemy truly is within.
When our politicians would rather protect fraudsters and illegal migrants, it's time for us to stand up or face mass oppression from the traitors who rule over us.
This should tell you everything.
They want to prosecute and put people in jail for exposing fraud.
So, if you expose the fraud, they want to give you—this is the law they want to pass in California—a $10,000 fine if you expose the fraud.
What?
Where are we at?
That's what I'm telling you.
Expose widespread fraud all across America.
Quite frankly, states like Minnesota and California are just the worst at letting fraud take place, especially inside of immigrant communities—for instance, the Somalians in Minnesota and then the Armenians in California.
And so now they're trying to silence anybody who exposes fraud inside of California.
For instance, if this bill is passed, the Quality Learning Center that was in Minnesota would be protected from being exposed.
That is absolutely crazy.
And the crazy thing about this is the person who's proposing this bill, her name is Mia Bonta.
Her husband is the attorney general of California.
And so let's say you expose fraud; this is what could happen to you inside the state of California: you could get a misdemeanor, a $10,000 fine, imprisonment, and your content forced to be deleted.
That is absolutely crazy.
It is time for people to either stand up or we face mass oppression from those that rule us.
California Democrats advance—crazy.
We don't want you to expose our fraud because now we're upset that you're exposing it.
And if you expose it, we're going to pass laws against you and we'll have you thrown in prison for exposing our fraud, because you're the bad guy, not us.
We're going to give you a $10,000 fine if you try to expose it, and they're trying to make it a law.
Where are we at?
My goodness, folks.
When I thought that has to be a lie, let's look.
When Elon Musk was talking about it, I thought, 'Wow, this is America.
Wow.
' We've got to pray.
This is part of what I believe the Lord is telling us.
I told you I saw great corruption that was worse than any other place in California.
Well, Gavin Newsom is a snake.
And I saw him on his belly slithering like a snake to try to go to the White House in the days ahead.
I see he's licking the ground like a serpent with a blue cape on and a mask.
And we see this darkness rising up, a darkness over this area.
Why is it that this young man, Nick Shirley, has to be the one uncovering all this?
Why are our politicians not involved in this?
Why is a YouTuber doing this?
This is ridiculous.
Why does a YouTuber have to worry about having a law brought up about his name?
Because we've got a lot of other corrupt politicians on the right and the left that are just as bad.
You say, 'Well, it's not just Democrats; it's Republicans, too.
' And that's what the Lord said.
He said, 'You're just looking at the left, but the right's just as guilty.
There's a lot of the right that is bad and they're just hiding.
' They hide underneath the face of Christianity and other things, and they use it as a manipulation.
You go, 'Well, we're Christians over here,' and you're going, 'They're bad, they're bad.
' And the Lord said, 'Just because they don't come out with devil horns and a pitchfork, it doesn't mean they're good.
' Most people want to embrace them.
They say they love Jesus, and I'm like, 'Well, okay.
All right.
Well, praise God.
' But we've got to come up higher.
Why is Nick the only one uncovering this?
Why is this young man the one doing this by himself?
What is going on with this?
'We're going to pass a law against you.
We're going to throw you in jail.
' My goodness.
When I told you I went to the tribulation, I said when the abomination of desolation takes place, there's a man standing next to the Antichrist.
I said he is this man right here, and he's still there.
Remember the Pope?
I said he stands next to the Antichrist in the days ahead.
And there's another man that looks like a Muslim.
He's kind of dark-skinned with glasses, remember?
And he has a hat on that's black.
He wears a black outfit that looks like a funny-looking hat.
And I say he stands on the other side of the Antichrist.
Remember I said he's skinny?
He has a pronounced jawline.
Pope Leo has a pronounced jawline.
Look, there he is.
And now look at the other guy beside him.
They're friends now.
You all don't realize how close we are; it's all happening right in front of your face.
I told Braden, 'That's the guy that stands on the other side of the Antichrist.
He's in the outfit right there.
' I said, 'Who is he?
' So Braden did research on him; he's a Muslim.
They are all trying to join Christianity and Muslims together.
We need to be friends.
Pope Leo is receiving massive criticism after appearing to promote an alliance between Muslims and Catholics during his trip to Algeria—not only showing up shoeless and signing the golden book inside Algeria's Grand Mosque, but also declaring it a space proper to God.
I said they're going to bring a one-world religion soon, and you're going to see this.
And I said the Pope will stand next to the Antichrist in the days ahead.
The words say 'space proper to God,' but the title says 'space proper to God.
' I don't know which one it is.
It's a space proper to God.
So, it's a place where it's okay; it's a friendly place.
And I said the man—the only one that's missing is the Antichrist, and he's not in the middle, but they're walking identically how they walk and stand up when the abomination of desolation takes place.
That's when I told you Jesus was standing with me.
He said, 'Watch this,' and they're standing identical in this picture.
The only one that's missing is the Antichrist in the middle.
Look at that.
I've waited for this moment since July 6, 2014.
I went to the tribulation.
I told everybody, 'Watch what happens.
' And the Pope, this Pope right here—I said the last one was too fat; it can't be him because you could see his pronounced jawline.
I said I could look at him up on top of the abomination of desolation.
I was looking at it with Jesus, and I saw his jawline, and I said it's a Pope that has the same halo hat and does it all, but he's a white man.
And I said he stands up there next to the Antichrist, and I remember looking at his face because his jawline was glistening from the oils of his skin, and I could see it from up top as the lightning was striking.
It's the same man.
It's him.
The other guy standing next to him is this guy and it looks just like him.
I say he has glasses, so maybe he's not.
People throw eggs at me all the time.
I try to tell you as much as I can.
And the Lord told me, 'Listen, I've warned you all over and over again how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
' What is the Lord waiting on?
He's waiting on a major harvest.
I have long patience, but I'm out of time, Brennan.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
There is a marker in the spirit realm.
What are we looking for?
I believe we're about to see one of the greatest harvests of souls this world has ever seen.
As he signs things and the Pope signs this, signs the book, and does all these things, and they're all hanging out together, what are we about to see?
Where are we at in all that we see all around us?
Look what's happening with the war and all this stuff.
Right.
Interesting.
So, all right.
You want to read any of this?
It kind of changed the atmosphere.
Okay.
I feel like we did okay here with that.
I brought everything out, right?
Yes.
Okay.
It's good of what we see today in the news.
Anything else from Trump or anything?
You don't want to say nothing?
What is he doing today?
He said that he walked the Strait and then China says blockade is dangerous and irresponsible, right?
So, all right.
Greed.
It's good.
I like it when you read to me.
I've seen it: meetings full of hype, noise, even passion, but the altar remains untouched.
Why?
Because the ground wasn't broken in prayer.
You can't reap where no one has plowed.
The altar is not a magic space; it's a manifestation of what's already been birthed in intercession.
Empty altars reveal empty prayer closets.
The tears in secret become fire in public.
The altars that overflowed during Finney's meetings weren't the result of his gift.
They were the result of my tears.
I cried in secret until the ground groaned for salvation.
If you want to see weeping at the altar, you must first weep on the floor.
Heaven answers seeded ground.
No intercession, no harvest.
Don't blame the people.
Blame the preparation.
Too many blame the congregation when revival doesn't fall.
But I ask: who prayed?
Who fasted?
Who groaned?
Who interceded with travail until the Spirit hovered over the gathering?
Altars don't fall by accident.
They fill when intercessors dig deep wells in prayer.
How to fill the altars with heaven's glory: break up the ground in prayer.
Tear down resistance before the people arrive.
Saturate the meeting.
Pray over every seat, every soul, every moment.
Invite holy conviction.
Ask the Spirit to rest heavy before the first note is sung.
'Holy Spirit, let no altar be empty because I failed to pray.
Use my tears to water the soil of revival.
Let my intercession prepare the way for souls to come running.
Break the ground through me.
Shake the atmosphere through me.
Let altars burn with conviction, glory, and transformation.
' The true intercessor—this is the watchman who never leaves their post.
The true intercessor is always on guard.
You don't clock out when you carry heaven's burden.
You don't pray once and walk away.
You stay on the wall.
You watch, you wait, you discern, you press.
I was a watchman and I never left my post.
Even when the meetings were done, I stayed because I knew the war wasn't over; it was only beginning.
Intercession isn't a moment; it's a mantle.
You must monitor the spiritual atmosphere.
There were nights when I felt the atmosphere shift mid-revival.
Complacency tried to creep in, demonic pushback surged, and I knew I couldn't leave my watch.
I had to war again, fast again, groan again.
Just because revival starts doesn't mean it continues.
Watchmen sustain what others initiate.
God is looking for watchmen in this generation.
The wall is too empty, the gaps are too wide.
The pulpits are full, but the prayer closets are abandoned.
The church needs watchmen, intercessors who don't just pray once, but who own the ground with persistence.
Be the one who never leaves your post.
True intercession is often lonely.
No crowd, no applause, no social media updates.
Just you, the carpet, and the groan.
I lived it.
Most of my breakthroughs were birthed alone, because revival begins in isolation before it ever reaches the masses.
God doesn't need a crowd to start a move; He just needs one willing voice in the wilderness.
Are you willing to be that one?
Don't resent the loneliness.
Heaven watches.
The Lord is near to those who weep in private.
Every cry you've whispered, He's caught it.
Every groan, He's recorded it.
Every lonely night, you were never truly alone.
The solitary intercessor is never invisible to God.
I never saw most of the fruit I prayed for, but years later, the cities I groaned over would erupt in revival.
What you birthed in solitude becomes fire that spreads publicly.
Your secret place may look empty, but it is the epicenter of something holy.
Lord, I say yes to the hidden path.
Strengthen me in the lonely room.
Remind me that I am not alone, that You are near to those who weep in secret.
I choose the narrow way.
I choose the silent room.
I choose the weight that no one sees.
Birth through me what will one day touch thousands.
Revival is conceived in groaning.
Before there's glory, there's groaning.
You want to know where revival starts?
It's not in the sanctuary, not in the sermon, but in the sound of groaning from a soul laid bare before God.
Revival is conceived in the womb of agony.
It is forged in the cries of the desperate.
I never birthed anything with convenience.
It was painful, raw, holy travail.
That groan—it was heaven's signal that something divine was being formed.
Groaning isn't a charismatic gimmick; it's spiritual labor.
I groaned until my body shook, until my voice was gone, until the heavens broke open.
That was when revival was conceived.
I never saw revival fall until I first groaned for it.
The church doesn't need more noise; it needs labor pains.
You must be willing to carry what you cry for.
Don't pray for revival if you're not willing to carry revival.
It will cost you.
It will crush you.
It will strip you of comfort and convenience.
But if you groan long enough, it will come.
And when it does, it will change everything.
It's good.
Groaning in the Spirit, being led by the Spirit—it's a different level of prayer.
That intimacy of going to the deeper levels with the Holy Spirit and flowing with Him in those rivers is what supernaturally...
it's like the pool, you can feel it, going in with Him and flowing in that deeper level of prayer.
I encourage every single one of you, if you're not baptized in the Holy Ghost, if you don't speak in other tongues, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
You can find it for free on YouTube; there's audio of people reading it to you, or if you Google it, I'm sure there's free PDFs.
Just meditate on what Brother Hagin is teaching about tongues.
Keep that down inside of you and stir it up.
And the Holy Spirit is not going to come and just grab a hold of your tongue and wag it for you.
You got to put your boat into motion.
You've got to start making the sounds, and you'll feel out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
You'll feel it once you start getting in that flow, and you'll know that the Holy Spirit is praying for you.
It's not just flesh.
You go, "Well, is that me or is that the devil or whatever?
" You start questioning things.
You'll know.
You can feel it.
You'll feel it coming up out of your spirit, out of your flesh, out of your spirit coming out of your flesh.
And it's not fleshly; you'll know.
And I'm going to tell you the real Holy Ghost flow.
There's many of you that don't know about it because it's not taught a lot in church.
Acts chapter 2, going through when the Holy Spirit came on them in the upper room, the cloven tongues as a fire, and they all were looking at—they were drunk in the Holy Ghost and all the things that were happening up there.
That same Holy Spirit that did it 2,000 years ago is still doing it today.
The baptism of the Holy Spirit is for today.
And there's many of you that have put a wall up to it because it sounds a little weird sometimes.
You think, "Brandon, I asked so many questions.
" People ask me, "Brandon, what are you doing?
What are you saying?
What are you praying?
" All the things that people are always so curious about because people aren't talking about it.
But it's just me praying in tongues.
Praying in the spirit.
Praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue.
Yielding to the Holy Spirit and letting him flow through me.
And he'll do the same for you.
I believe that every believer can pray in tongues.
Get the book "Why tongues," like I said, and just meditate on it and read those scriptures.
Read it.
Meditate on what brother Hagin's saying, and it will change you.
And you know what?
You say, "Lord, I...
" You get quiet.
"Lord, help me.
I want to be baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Help me to pray on another level.
I don't want to just be praying in English.
And I don't want to just be at this normal level, but teach me to pray.
Teach me to pray on another level.
" And I believe the Holy Spirit will help you.
He'll teach you all things.
He'll lead you into all things.
He'll make you come up higher in your prayer life with him.
Visions and things add to it.
The Lord's gifts are there for edifying the body, to show us how to pray and where to go in the spirit.
And as far as what's coming and things like that, a watchman—not everybody's going to see in the spirit, not everybody's going to do things, but everybody has the ability to hear the Lord.
Everybody has the ability to have a relationship with the Lord.
He said, "My sheep will hear me and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
" So you say, "Well, I'm not baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Does that mean I can't hear God?
" No, that's not what I said.
I'm saying you have the ability.
The moment you ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Savior, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's inside of you, but the gift is coming up out of you when you yield to him to pray.
Does that make sense?
The moment that he dwells in you, you're wall-to-wall.
He's inside of you.
But that's when you yield to the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he starts flowing up out of you.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
And that's when you come up.
It's a different level.
Now, I've seen a lot of spirit-filled Christians that look more dead than anybody else because they don't practice.
They've allowed their tank to get on empty.
Being filled with the Holy Ghost...
Yeah, Braden got John 7:38: "He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
" Rivers.
Not a little stream.
A river is a big bunch of water.
It's not a little brook.
It's not a little thing—"Oh, look, a little deer can drink out of that.
" It's a river.
A boat can float down it.
And the moment you start having rivers flow, you can move a lot with a river.
Think about what Patsy was talking about.
The boat, the river can pick up cars.
The river can pick up boulders.
And the moment you start allowing that Holy Spirit to flow out of you, out of those rivers, the things that were unmovable will become movable in your life.
What was a stronghold in your life becomes not so strong anymore because a river has the ability to transfer things.
And the moment you yield to the spirit of the Lord, out of that belly, like it's saying right there in John, "He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
" Those rivers of living water are picking up boulders and cars or whatever you've got blocking your Holy Ghost flow and moving it down.
He didn't say this little bitty stream, but a river.
A river has great force to move the obstacle out of your way.
So allow that river to flow out of you today.
And you'll see, as you are yielded to and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days, the impossible will now be possible.
The Bible says all things are possible to him who believes.
But it comes from when you see a boulder in your road and you're going, "There is no way that we're going to get that big dump truck moving" until you see a gusher and you see that big Holy Ghost river and it comes up there and it goes boom and it lifts it up and moves the obstacle and you're going, "All things are possible to him who believes.
" But it's only by the spirit of God as you yield yourself over to him.
Hallelujah.
Let the river flow.
You've got to let the river flow in your life.
And there's only a certain level that the English or whatever you speak—maybe Spanish, Korean, South Korean, whatever, Portuguese—whatever—will take you only so far.
But when you get that river flowing out of you, you can move anything.
You can even move a car.
There's nothing too heavy.
There's nothing too impossible.
But you yield to that river.
I hope that helped you a little bit as we pray.
I just want you to be encouraged.
You know what, Braden?
We can show that.
Patsy, say that.
That might help them real quick.
I had it.
I showed mama.
Keep talking, love.
We'll find it.
It's on my prayer.
You find it and I'll talk to them.
Okay, I'll look.
So, do you remember?
It was with Pastor Terry and them and they're all talking and it was at the end.
Yeah, I'll find it.
We can show that while we're praying.
But let's take communion real quick.
Let's pray and let's take communion real quick, and then we'll go to the next level.
Oh, Braden was wanting to tell you, Japan moved to ban designer babies.
What did I tell you?
The Lord said they will try to have designer babies in the days ahead, that they will say, "Well, we'll put this part and this part," and they'll genetically alter your DNA to make you have a clone, a baby that is perfect.
"Well, we want blonde hair, blue eyes, and muscles.
We want them to have genetics like Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately.
" Don't have any genetic...
well, you know, I heard cancer runs in the family.
So they take that genetic out of there somehow.
And then that baby...
I saw Build-A-Baby.
Remember I heard Build-A-Baby.
They're building a baby.
Japan moves to ban designer babies.
Tokyo plans strict laws outlawing gene-editing embryos for childbirth with prison terms and fines for violations.
No genetic super soldiers for today.
Ain't that interesting?
But I said, 'Who did it?
' China.
I saw China's government doing it.
And I said, 'China will create super babies, and you can go to them and you'll pay them to have, and you'll hold it in a lab.
' And I said, 'China will do it.
' Well, Japan knows it.
It's kind of interesting.
I said it starts in Asia, in China, and that's what the Lord said.
Any super soldiers?
Even so, super soldiers.
Isn't that interesting?
I said they even used the word 'super soldiers.
' Do you have it, love?
I'm trying to find it.
All right.
Let's pray.
Pray with me.
But if you can't find it, we'll do it another night.
It's cool because it was a really good educational thing to show them.
It's right there.
It said it right there.
This one?
Uh-huh.
Go all the way to the end.
Yes.
But it's when she shows the river.
Okay.
Mom can find it.
It's right there, baby.
You're looking at the river right there.
She's talking about it.
Okay.
Rewind.
Just show where she says it.
It will bless them.
Paty went home to be with the Lord this last year, and she was a Rhema graduate with brother Hagin and did prayer with brother Hagin, and she was anointed by God.
I tell you, Paty was.
And I'm telling you, if you ever listen to some of her stuff, I'd encourage you to Google it—I mean, YouTube it—and find it, and she'll help your prayer life.
Yep.
Did he find it?
You need the timestamp right here.
Yep.
Go ahead.
Rivers can be at an amount that they are tsunami supply.
So if you'll go ahead and roll that and just look at that, and you don't have to turn on the sound.
This stream of water was just a little runoff ditch and now it is moving.
And you need to, of course, you know that flood water is usually dirty water.
The river that comes out of Jesus Christ that we come to him and drink is crystal clear, and it is life at the front today that's coming fast.
It's life.
That word, Pastor George, that you got for this meeting, you know, about persistence in prayer.
Look at—just keep praying.
Now, it would take a group of men to move a car.
Yeah.
But look at these ones down here.
If they wanted to move it, even if they came now, they still couldn't get their car.
If there gets to be enough water, look at it.
Things that you cannot move just begin to float—obstinate things.
People are moved away from what they need to be moved away from and carried to what they need to be carried to.
There goes another one.
We got his car.
That one wants to get out of the flow, but it moved him nonetheless.
And there goes some more.
That persistence, perpetual persistence, drinking from Jesus—he said, 'Out of your innermost being would flow rivers.
' Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
Now that one, you see, it's a good illustration.
And that's what you have inside of you: a river.
And the obstacles that are in your way that you think will always be there, there's an expiration date to what you're believing for.
And I told you, praying and allowing the Holy Spirit to flow through you will change you.
And it will move the obstacles that seem to be so stuck.
But it's that river that will pick up the most stubborn things in your life and remove it.
And so if you're stuck in English and you're saying, 'Well, Brandon, all I do is just pray in English,' I encourage you, like I said, get the book Why Tongues, relisten to prayer teachings, flow with him, and the more he will become more real to you.
Like what we're talking about books, you have to inspire yourself.
You have to stir yourself up.
And that's why we try to continually listen to prayer teachings and find things.
How bad do you want to change in your life?
And you're not going to get there by just staying around the English and just praying what you know because the spirit prays and intercedes through us, and he knows things that we don't know.
You might have Sister Somebody come up before you.
You say, 'You know, I haven't thought about him or her in years.
' That's not just normal.
That's the Holy Spirit warning you: 'I need you to pray for them.
I need you to pray for people like Erica.
I need you to pray for people like Candace Owens.
And I need you to pray for Alex Jones.
I want you to pray for Mel Gibson.
' I don't know these people, but the Lord said, 'I want you to pray for them.
' Why?
Because you have a river flowing out of you that will help move the obstacle for them.
Why?
'I have a plan for their lives.
I'm going to use Erica in the days ahead that will pack coliseums full of young people.
' But the enemy wants to kill, steal, and destroy.
Why?
Pray for them.
And then when the Lord gives you something, it's not to gossip; it's to help.
And a lot of times, that's why I say I have to watch myself because I don't want to come up and gossip.
'This is what I'm seeing about President Trump.
Pray for his help.
Pray for this.
' But you know, because I'm trying to lead millions of you, and then you come across as people say, 'Well, you got to be careful because you don't want to gossip.
' I'm not gossiping.
I'm trying to tell you we've got to pray for individuals.
And when you're leading this many—if I had a little group of five people, it would be a lot easier.
I'd share a lot more.
But whenever you're praying with millions, like I said, 3.
9 million last month, it's a big difference.
It's like a small city.
It's New York.
We have New York praying.
It's a big difference.
So maybe I'm more guarded with what I say, but I'm trying to warn you all that river is going to flow out of you tonight if you will just allow him to use you and grab a hold of your tongue and say, 'I'm ready to go to the deeper levels with him and allow the obstacles from Coachella to the Boston Marathon to all these things that the devil has a plan for.
' And he is hell-bent on tearing, disrupting, killing, stealing, and destroying many people's lives.
And you say, 'You know what?
No, not today, Satan.
And no, not tomorrow.
You're not doing it.
As for me, we're going to stand and we're going to pray for our nation.
We're going to intercede for our president, or wherever you are.
If you're in Australia or wherever, I'm praying for my pastor.
I'm praying for the evangelists, for the pastors, the teachers, the prophets.
I'm praying for them.
And we're going to move this with the river that is inside of me.
' So, I want you to get excited about prayer and realize that you're playing your part and you are a vital piece to the puzzle.
Never look at yourself as just—no.
Yield.
Even if all you know how to do right now is pray in English or pray in your native tongue, have an anticipation and an expectation that it's time for you to go deeper with the rivers.
Don't be satisfied.
Being satisfied is to become complacent.
We don't want to become complacent in our relationship with Jesus.
Don't allow complacency to rule you.
Allow the Holy Spirit to take you from glory to glory to be made more in his image, to stay on that potter's wheel.
And in doing so, God will change you from the inside out.
I talk way too much with those videos, but there you go.
Father, we thank you for the body.
We take this in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over our household and my wife, my children, everything around us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
And we take this in Jesus' mighty name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We shut the door to sin, sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
We'll not have it in this house.
We come up higher in our prayer life tonight with you, Father, that out of our belly flow those rivers of living water.
And I thank you, Father, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank you, Lord, that you speak through our vocal cords and think through our minds.
I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I thank you, Lord, that today we move the boulders.
We move what we need to in the name of Jesus.
And we take the blood.
Amen and amen.
You believe it!
Thank you for the rain, Lord.
We hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I love it!
Do you all hear the thunder?
Father, we lift up Erica before you.
We lift up Turning Point in the name of Jesus.
We call a refreshing over this young woman.
We thank you, Father, right now that the blood of Jesus Christ covers her from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
We thank you, Lord, that she'll be so loud in these last days and bring in many of the captive people, and they will be no longer captive.
Father, we are bringing them all to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The college campuses around America will know Jesus Christ, and we call a protection around and about her.
We plead the blood of Jesus over her mind.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace that passes all understanding all around her right now in the name of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan, every pursuit of these demonic spirits that are nipping at her—I thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about her in the name of Jesus.
And the devil, you will not have a stronghold anymore in her life.
We thank you, Lord, for the cease and desist of their maneuvering against them—the demonic spirits that have been assigned—we apply the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that she would have a road to Damascus experience with you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a supernatural turning in her heart right now—a supernatural fire burning up inside of her in the name of Jesus to get the job done.
This isn't political; this isn't about finances; but it's about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and bringing in the lost so they would be saved.
They would say, 'I once was lost, but now I'm found.
' And I thank you, Lord, that you use this ministry, Turning Point, in the name of Jesus.
And what the devil meant for bad, even with Charlie Kirk's passing, Father, I thank you that you're going to get the good out of it: every plot, every plan, every demonic attack in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
We uplift people; we uplift their ministry, their staff, and the calling on their lives to get the job done.
Father, we lift up our sisters and brothers in the Lord.
No matter what we feel or believe about it, or what conspiracy we're hearing, or what we know—until it's fact, it's just a 'he said, she said.
' But Father, we lift up people, and we lift up even Candace.
I lift up Mrs.
Owens over her family.
And I thank you, Father, that you're not done with her yet.
That you stir in her heart even tonight as she's sleeping or wherever she's at.
Her toe is broken; I heard someone say her foot is broken.
We call healing over her foot.
We call deliverance over her foot, Father.
She rolled her foot and broke it this last week.
I ask you, Father, to touch her foot right now in Jesus' name.
Father, I pray that she's able to pick her kids up again.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would become so real to her that she'll not go down wrong paths, but she'll go on the right path.
Father, she'll not deviate off the call that you have for her to do.
No matter how much all these voices and money and all the things try to pull us and try to snare us, Father, let us stay on the right road.
We run from the appearance of evil.
We refrain from the appearance of evil.
We come up higher in our fellowship with you.
And Father, we thank you, Lord.
We pray for those that despitefully use and come against us—those that are running us down.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
We forgive those that come against us.
We forgive them in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood over the circumstances, the people that are backbiting and trying to hurt.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
Every tongue—the words that are spoken against us—we condemn them.
They will not bear fruit in our lives.
They will not bear fruit around us.
We will not receive that harvest, but Father, I thank you, Lord, we call crop failure in Jesus' name.
Father, let us stay on the path that is right with you, that the Holy Spirit is able to flow through.
We come up higher in our thinking.
I see a helpmate coming.
I see a man of great integrity coming.
I see one that's polished and sharp with his mouth that will be a helpmate.
He is stepping in to have integrity, to not let the pressure of it all destroy somebody.
The character to hold the pressure of the mantle, like Esther.
I see a doubling of Turning Point, a doubling in the USA.
There are things that have been set in motion.
Don't be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
Don't take counsel from the ungodly.
But when you marry in...
this is what Solomon did, and it destroyed a lot.
You allow their false gods to come into the Almighty God circle, and you're linked up with their influence.
It's compromise.
That's what the Bible says: don't yoke yourself up to somebody that's an unbeliever.
It's life and death in some circumstances, especially when it comes to ministry.
It's make or break.
You can go down the wrong road out of lust and think, 'Well, I'm going to change them,' but you marry and line yourself up with an unbeliever, and it derails the whole thing because they had no desire; it's just about fame and popularity.
You must come up higher to discern this.
Thank you, Lord.
Now move on to the next thing.
I pray that his mind is sharp and alert.
That spirit that tries to come on his mind like Joe Biden will not have a stronghold on him, Father.
That he has clear thoughts within, Father, that he hears your voice and a stranger's voice he will not follow; he'll yield to you.
Lord, we are going to pray for JD Vance today.
I pray over JD Vance right now, Father, that he has clarity to help lead the nation.
We pray over JD Vance and his wife.
We pray over them as great leaders.
We thank you, Father, for transfers and clear thoughts.
I thank you, Father, for taking no counsel from the ungodly and for raising up leaders for such a time as this, creating in people a clean heart.
Lord, we ask you for creating a clean heart.
I pray over Marco Rubio.
I thank you, Father, for Marco Rubio, that he is a good leader and has a clean heart.
I thank you for the position and endowment of glory that I see, a transfer.
I thank you, Father, for your hand guiding this great nation.
I pray over Marco Rubio right now in the name of Jesus, over his mind and his leadership ability.
I thank you, Father, that he is able to lead at a greater capacity in the days ahead and that you strengthen him.
Father, we thank you for his family.
I pray protection around his children, that they have a greater capacity to rise up and be the leaders you are calling them to be.
We pray over his wife and his four children.
We thank you, Lord, that there is protection over them and an endowment of glory to lead at a greater capacity in the days ahead.
Give them the grace to withstand the pressure that is coming, that they are able to handle it and the cup of this will not crush them, but they will have a backbone like a crowbar and be able to lead across the land.
I pray for JD Vance, for his mind, and for Usha.
We pray for Usha and for the new baby.
We pray for all ten fingers and ten toes and for a stronger ability to lead in the days ahead.
We pray in the name of Jesus for a supernatural covering around them that they will be the leaders they need to be.
Father, I thank you for the covering in the name of Jesus for supernatural leadership ability and an endowment of anointing to do what they are called to do.
I thank you for supernatural favor and supernatural anointing, for the Lord has spoken today.
Be strong, lead with effectiveness, and finish the race.
I see an endowment of glory and the strides.
The Cubans!
Freedom!
We pray for Rubio and for wisdom on how to do the things he needs to do in the days ahead.
We pray over JD Vance, his life, his wife, and his children.
We pray for sobriety, clear thoughts, and being sober-minded.
We thank you, Lord, for JD Vance and for rising up a strong backbone.
We fear you, Lord, not man.
We do what you say do.
We pray for revival across this land.
We thank you, Lord, for stirring in the hearts across every church, every prophet, pastor, evangelist, and teacher.
Father, I pray for Don Jr.
, Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, and Barron.
I pray a hedge of protection around them.
I pray for Jared and the family.
I pray for Melania.
I thank you for strength and wisdom over them, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for supernatural healings over their bodies and divine protection in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Father, that every tongue that rises against them will be condemned.
I pray a hedge of blood around the children: Barron, Tiffany, Eric, and Don.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it shall not come nigh them.
I praise you, Lord, for greater things in store.
I pray over Kai, the granddaughter.
I pray over the Secret Service, over every heart and individual, that they are in the right place at the right time.
I pray they hear you and know your voice and know how to protect and serve this nation.
Father, I thank you that they will know the real threats from the wrong threats.
I pray for supernatural protection around the President, his wife, and the Vice President.
I thank you, Lord, for the FBI and Homeland Security.
I pray a hedge around them and that they have supernatural wisdom concerning this nation.
We take authority over civil war and rebuke it in the name of Jesus.
We will not have civil war in this land.
I call peace over this land.
There will not be a civil war in this land.
There will not be blue versus red.
I see the militias and war vets from Vietnam rising up.
They are like hidden peacekeepers throughout the land to not let civil war divide us.
I see old military with big beards, standing as peacekeepers.
And I see guys that look like bikers.
In the days ahead, I see these men across the land.
They say, "We have sworn to protect this nation, foreign and domestic.
" And I see they say we must protect even domestic.
I see a rising up of military vets in Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, all throughout the South.
They are called freedom fighters.
I see some of them have bandanas on and they look pretty gnarly.
It's not necessarily how they carry themselves; it's like the old way.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know how else to describe that.
Sometimes what you're seeing is a metaphor.
It's not necessarily that they wear bandanas and have them on there; they look like warriors, old war vet warriors from the Vietnam era.
I see a time in this nation.
These people are highly trained.
I see Texas dividing itself away from New York.
I see Texas having its own thing.
Texas will become strong in the days ahead and they'll have their own business.
They're going to have their own walls.
Texas will have their own walls.
I see walls on Texas blocking out Louisiana, blocking out Mexico, and Oklahoma is like freedom with them.
And I see a line.
I see a line with oil in Texas.
I see the Gulf.
I see a strong Texas.
I see longhorn cattle over Fort Worth, Texas and Dallas.
I see.
Ah, I see.
Can we change any of this, Lord?
What is all this that you show me?
Can we stop any of this?
After the rapture, tell me this: we're not here for this.
Tell me we're not here for all this.
Oh, Father, this has to be when the church is gone.
Am I looking over into the tribulation?
Oh, Father.
Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I'm found; was blind, but now I see.
I can tell you what I see, but I'm not trying to scare you.
I pray I'm looking into the tribulation.
I see these militias that are not saved.
It looks like Red Dawn.
Even the Mississippi River is taken over.
It looks like complete anarchy in America.
Texas is separated from the country.
They are their own entity and they're fighting for survival, basically.
It looks like something out of "One Second After.
" Remember that book where after an EMP strikes?
They're actually taking over the river.
In the vision, I could see these militia men taking over the Mississippi River.
"One Second After" is the book.
It's like that; they're taking over the river on who can cross and who can't.
It looked like something out of a bad movie, with militias rising up.
It looked like complete anarchy, like they were just trying to bring stability to America.
There were fires everywhere.
I could see...
it was lit.
It looked like literal...
where is our Constitution?
I don't know.
It looked across the land like it was a civil war, a dividing of the North from the South.
People were fighting for power, like the northern states like Illinois and the southern states.
I could see Texas trying to say, "Hey, we're our own out here.
You ain't coming in here.
" It looked like they had their own trade, trying to stay alive.
It looked like something out of a weird, bad movie.
I don't know how else to describe it to you; it has to be the tribulation.
People were just bearing up arms trying to stay alive, trying to fight and keep things afloat.
The northern states were going with the beast system, while the people down south were fighting it.
They know the Bible; they know what was coming.
New York and those areas looked like a dark gray blob versus down south.
But I could see patches on these men's leather coats.
They had patches with cobra snakes.
They look like bikers, but they had military patches like snakes and things like that.
I could see things on there that were representations of a tribe, who they were in the military.
I could see Marines and what kind of rank they were.
They had military badges on their leather coats.
They looked like bikers, but they were military.
They had big patches on the back of their coats and the front.
You don't want to mess with them.
Y'all don't realize how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, how close we are to really going into tribulation.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end, and everything that we've ever known is about to change.
If you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ, that's why I keep telling you: you must get saved.
I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath.
I pray to God that we don't see what I just saw.
The words and the visions and the depth of what I just saw are something I can't even speak out over camera.
All I can tell you is, if that's tribulation, you don't want to be here.
The only way you're going to know if you're right with the Lord is by confessing him as your Lord and personal Savior and repenting of your sins and becoming all-in in these last days, saying, "I don't want to be a part of this without you.
" I don't want to be a person that's riding the fence.
I want to be all-in for Jesus.
No matter how dark it gets, I want to be light for Jesus.
And if I go by the graveside, by martyrdom or whatever I do, I want to make sure that to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
We are only one breath away from eternity at all times.
God gives us grace to get through every single day.
Our heart functions by him.
And the moment we stop breathing, where will you spend eternity?
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Some of you don't even realize that you have stuff going on with your body that you're so close to death.
It's like that fast.
But the thing you should be more concerned about is where will I spend eternity, not about your health and all that other stuff.
Yeah, we work out, we take care of our bodies, but I want to make sure my heart is right before the Great Creator.
If I was to die tonight, where would I spend eternity?
That's what you need to ask yourself.
For all the things I keep seeing, it literally is shock and awe for me.
I have to pause, like I did, just looking at things, going, "What am I looking into right now?
" I don't want to say this out loud and I don't know what to do with it.
I don't want to scare people, but I'm trying to prepare you that if you don't have a relationship with Jesus, you're in trouble either way.
You can go through hell on the earth and know that if I die, I'm going to spend eternity with him, or you can go through hell on earth and go to hell and spend eternity in hell.
I choose heaven.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to go through hell, but the tribulation is hell on earth.
It's bad.
I hope I'm making this clear.
We must become right with the Lord right now with all the signs and the things that are happening around us.
We are at an all-time high of looking up where we know our redemption draws nigh.
But there's many of you that are just right on the edge and you don't even realize how close we are.
You really probably don't care; you're just living for the world.
But you're here right now and you're like, "Man, I feel something.
I feel like I need to get right with God.
I think tonight, Brandon, I'm going to sell out to Him.
I want to be all in.
" I know I take a long time on these altar calls because there's so many of you.
Holy Spirit, allow me to have time to work on their hearts.
Allow me to do it.
I can present it to you, but it's His job to bring forth the increase.
Some plant, some water, but God brings the increase.
I can only present the gospel to you and tell you you must be born again or you won't enter into the kingdom of God.
It's His job to call you right now.
So, I give Him time to work on your heart.
He said, "Give me time.
I'm calling forth my precious fruit.
" So tonight, you say, "Brandon, will you please pray for me?
" I wish sometimes I could project the vision of what I'm seeing on a screen for you to look at because what I saw right then troubled me greatly.
Not for my flesh, but for those that are lost.
I know what happens to me if I go; I must be with Jesus.
I know what happens: Souls are going to spend eternity, but where?
What about you?
That's what I'm concerned about.
The troubling of what I see is so many people are going to hell.
And you look at them and go, "This is not good," because they don't realize it's forever.
It's for eternity.
But tonight, you have the opportunity to make your heart right with the Lord.
I want to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to be bold about your decision tonight and say, "Brandon, will you pray for me?
I want to be all in with the Lord.
I want to make sure I'm right with the Father.
I want to repent and I want to turn and I want to do things right tonight.
Will you please pray for me?
" I want you to be bold right now in the comment section and I want you to tell everybody, "I want to be saved tonight.
" I want to be saved tonight just as I am.
"Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I'm found.
Was blind, but now I see.
" Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I'm found.
Was blind, but now I see.
I remember what it was like to be blind, but now I see.
And tonight's your night that you were once lost, but now you're found.
I want to say a simple prayer.
Say it with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need You as a Savior.
I confess my sins before You.
I ask You right now, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin and from this day forward, Lord, I am born again.
I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, tonight I dedicate my life to You.
I give You my heart.
I give You my mind.
I give You my soul.
I give You my spirit.
I give You everything.
I thank You, Lord, that today I am born again.
As the deer panteth after the water, Lord, so my soul will panteth after You.
And I believe that today if I was to die, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
I believe that tonight I'm born again.
Thank You, Lord, that You have written my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, that I'm free.
Thank You, Lord, that You have forgiven me and I'll serve You from this day forward with all I have.
I love You, Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for inviting me into Your kingdom tonight.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer and you meant it with all your heart and you believe He is the Son of God, you believe He died for you, I believe you are born again.
Now welcome to the family.
You're going to ask me, "Brandon, what do I do now?
" Well, you find a Bible-believing church.
Go to church.
Tell that pastor there, "Listen, I want to be water baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Get filled with the Holy Ghost.
Get excited about your decision tonight.
Go to church on Sundays.
Go to church on Wednesdays.
Get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every single day and pray.
Like, subscribe, click our notification, come over here and pray with us.
If you don't have a Bible and you just said the sinner's prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we want to send you a Bible for free.
We just want to love on you and tell you, "Welcome to the family.
Welcome home.
" All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below.
Write your name, your address, and how to send the Bible to you and put in the subject line, "I got born again," and we want to send it to you.
We'll get it to you as soon as possible.
We're just excited you're here and we pray that you are richly blessed by our YouTube ministry.
Welcome home.
Welcome to the family.
I don't know if anybody gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight, but if they did, Braden usually tells me.
Last night we had 72 and the night before we had 49.
Braden's so funny; Braden says 49.
I'm excited.
Every single time it's about the same number.
I wonder if some of you are saying the prayer over and over again.
You never know.
But I just told Diana, "Thank God that there are people coming to Jesus Christ.
" It's exciting.
I'm so excited for every single one of you that are giving your heart to Jesus Christ on this channel.
It's amazing.
I'm sorry y'all, I'm just a little heavy.
Whenever I see what I see, sometimes it's very heavy and I pause a little bit.
Maybe I'm acting a little different, but what I saw tonight bothered me because I see what I see.
There's times of prayer that when I go over to that other side like that, I'm looking over into the Tribulation and things, and people don't realize how things are about to change so much.
You can read it in the pages of this beautiful Bible, and even what you read, we only see a glimpse.
Seven years: three and a half of not so bad, three and a half of hell on earth.
Do you have a comprehension of that?
We've had Joe Biden for four years and we've had Trump, and that wouldn't even compare to the timeframe.
We were all miserable for four years with Joe Biden as president and everybody's like, "Oh my God, the sky is falling.
" He's running into walls and things are happening.
We pray for him, but that was four years and that was hard on a lot of people.
Imagine seven years of Tribulation.
There's a lot that can happen in seven years.
People don't realize the drought, the pestilence, the plagues, the earthquakes, the stuff that will be in that timeframe.
That's why I try to emphasize this to you every single time.
You've got to get right with Jesus.
You've got to get born again.
Even if the Pre-Tribbers are wrong and we go through it, I'd rather go through the Tribulation.
Everybody tells me, 'Brandon, I have a biblical basis to say that we go through the whole Tribulation.
' They sent me the letters; they've got scripture to back what they believe.
Okay, so what if you're right and the Pre-Tribbers are wrong?
I'd rather go into the Tribulation having Jesus, the Holy Ghost, and fire inside of me, casting out devils and everything.
I just don't see how that could happen.
But you know, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt.
What if you're right?
I'm going in there with Him.
To be absent from the body—and if I die, I'm going to die as a martyr, and I'm going to go down fighting, and I'm going to tell everybody about Jesus on the way out.
But there are millions of Christians who are full of the Holy Ghost and fire who are even on here tonight.
I just don't see how the devil could rule and reign and do what they think they're going to do with all these tongue-talking, born-agains.
We can bind the devil and do what we do, and all of a sudden we go, 'What will happen to us?
' Because I'm going to tell you this: I'm going to be fighting in the spirit realm, praying in the Holy Ghost just like I do now.
And they're going to go, 'He's a problem in the Tribulation.
' She's a problem in the Tribulation.
You are a problem in the Tribulation.
We're raising heck with him.
We're going there praying and doing what we do because I'm going to keep praying in the spirit.
I'm going to keep ruling and reigning with Him.
And the Antichrist is going to go, 'We've got to figure out where that guy's at because he's seeing all this stuff about what I'm going to do next.
' I'm just saying I don't know, because the gifts don't go away.
The gifts and callings of God are without repentance.
I've operated in this since I was 16 years old, and it isn't going to go away.
Even if I'm walking in the Tribulation, I'm going to be singing over there, too.
And I'm going to tell everybody, 'This is what's going on.
' I'm going to tell you what's coming next.
I'm going to warn everybody.
I'm a sound; I'm going to yell from the mountaintops.
And I believe my angels keep charge over me, and they'll bear me up in their hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.
But if I were to go home, I'd go home with victory.
I'm just saying.
And I see a lot more watchmen than Brandon Biggs.
There are a lot of people who see the spirit and hear and walk in giftings; they just don't have a platform on YouTube.
They have great gifts.
Billy Burke's going to be touching people, falling out and everything in the Tribulation.
I just don't see that.
I mean, seriously, I just don't see it.
People want to argue with me all the time.
'I believe we go through the whole thing.
' Okay.
It's just a stupid argument a lot of times.
I just don't believe it.
I can't wrap my mind around it.
There's no way.
I believe we're not appointed unto wrath.
I believe God's not a wife-beater.
And I believe with all my heart that our day is coming and Jesus Christ is coming for us—the church, the remnant, the people who have their vessels full.
And I pray that you're one of them—that you have your vessel full, you're excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and He is coming back for you and me.
Do you believe that?
There are some of you, I know you believe it.
You're on my side.
You believe what we're saying, that Jesus is coming.
And the word talks about—I love people like Rick Renner that teach it, and Perry Stone and these others.
I only think there's like one person that I know that has a big ministry that teaches we go through the Tribulation.
Maybe there's more, but I don't listen to them.
But I try to tell you all: Jesus loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
It's to bless you and not harm you; it's to give you a good and expected end.
He loves you tonight.
I know that was kind of a different night of prayer.
I covered it the best I could with what I was shown, and I was trying to tiptoe around rice paper until I have a release.
Thank you, Lord.
Dave List—no, you don't have to give that poll.
You're going to get a lot of people ticked off.
Braden, we already know.
We get the letters.
There's a lot of people that believe we go through the whole thing.
Same thing.
And people argue about the earth being flat.
I don't believe the earth's flat; I believe it's round.
I've seen it.
I've been in the spirit.
And I can tell you that heaven is a massive place that looks like a giant earth.
It's a massive, massive place.
It's a huge place.
Heaven is huge.
'On earth as it is in heaven.
' It's massive, and it's glorious, and it's beautiful, and there is no darkness at all.
Father, we're so thankful.
We're so grateful for every person—all 49 people who gave their hearts to Jesus tonight.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, I pray for Boston real quick.
Father, we pray over Coachella.
We pray for these events.
We pray for our oil wells.
We pray for all our oil facilities.
Everything that's happening with this nation, we cover it in the name of Jesus.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our oil fields, over our oil wells, over all our gas facilities, over Coachella, over Boston, over every major event this weekend.
I thank You, Father, that every plot, every plan, every demonic attack is uncovered in Jesus' name across this land.
And we thank You, Lord, for supernatural protection over this land in Jesus' name.
And Father, I pray over President Trump's mind.
We thank You, Lord, that he is thinking right.
Father, that his mind is renewed.
Father, that he is able to think like he's supposed to, to finish his job, finish the race—that he's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank You, Father, that he will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and finish his race strong.
Thank You, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
And we thank You, Father, for all that You've done for this nation so far and around the world.
Australia—all of them represented here tonight—we pray for their families.
We pray for them, Father.
We thank You, Lord, for the glory of the Lord in the name of Jesus that surrounds them.
As we continue to pray and lift up the nations together, we give You praise, Lord.
Amen and amen.
And for the people who have droughts, we pray for rain.
We call in rain.
I don't know why I just thought of that.
Yeah, we call in rain.
We call in rain.
We call five inches for every single one of you—five inches of rain on every single household in the name of Jesus.
That it would be such a bountiful supply that it would be a toad-strangler.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're bringing in the rain on the currents all around.
Father, that we break drought in Jesus' name.
We come against drought.
We say, 'Drought, go in Jesus' name.
Rain, come in Jesus' name.
' And we thank You, Father, for the Holy Ghost flow of rain, rain, rain over our earth.
Water our fields.
Water our streams.
Water our trees and our grass.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
Thank You for the rain we received tonight, Lord.
Thank You for the thunder.
Thank You for the lightning.
Thank You for the blessing.
Cleaning our air, cleaning things, getting ready for a beautiful summer that's coming.
I know it's been a long time.
We'll pray again tomorrow, but I just pause because I'm trying to filter as we grow.
I thought it was great.
You did?
Yeah, I thought it was wonderful.
Okay.
Well, you're always there for me, honey.
I want to get to that level when you're praying and I'm seeing over what I'm seeing, and I don't know.
I felt the flow when I was in the river.
All right.
Well, we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We'll see you tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Have a wonderful night.
Bye-bye.